a pivotal moment in my life were trouble decision Thio Surface warfare
was pickle because I met I would not be a fly would not be somewhere
Haven't gone down surface warfare being going to providence More than
trying to choose what ship to go to next. So I want up on a fast
forget and following that I want for my broken Is there a pivotal decisions,
you know, where you gonna go? Do I want a whole port? You
wanna stay in awful? Stay and send me on stage. Hey, at the risk of
not going to another ship tight to get experience pivotal career moments
on what to do next. That next step is always gonna be a pivotal
moment. What should I do next in my career? Wake up to two years of
peace. You're terrible career movements to get. Okay, so she's well
seek counsel secretly original senior officers from the first on, uh,
looks like we'll get you to say no one wants you